what's up buddy guys is your boy piece
these is 24 and here again with another
sneaker restoration project here I got
their Raging Bull Toro fives and as you
guys can see there are fitted as
and dirty and just show you guys around
it see look how faded that is let me
show you guys the back yeah it's faded
huh
and you guys wondering how can I bring
the color back you know so yeah and here
I'm gonna help you guys how and here I
have the Angela's red suede and dressing
dye and you guys can find this at turtle
feathers calm and it has all the
materials that I usually have for
restoring shoes okay so as you guys can
see this is before and I'm gonna show
you guys my Parana Oh again these are my
friend shoes and he was just uh needed
some help on bringing the colors back so
here are my pair yeah if you guys check
out my facebook go to my channel you
know and go to the about and my facebook
is right there and then go on my
facebook and check out my photo albums
and you guys can see the before and
after pictures all around you see
brought them back I never thought I
would bring these back cuz you know like
I said I had to do something about it
all I gotta do right now is a do some
siglo right here yeah I still look piss
yellow you know I'm trying to make them
look almost brand new
and so yeah guys let's get back with the
fated once alright so here are the
instructions you guys should have you
know a paintbrush sorry the is not
on and tape and your suede die you guys
should do this very carefully you know
tape this part right here because you
don't want to get on this part and you
know on the missile as well I mean the
dye is not gonna do anything to any like
you know rough material but I just
prefer you guys put tape around it and
so my next video you know after I
restore these I'm going to show you guys
the after and any question coming you
know subscribe to me message me and I'll
be likely to answer them pissed easy 24
is out and I'll show you guys after
video